He deserved it.
Who made it difficult for him and God General Xu?
It's all this kid
If it weren't for him
How could we possibly offend General Xu?
How did we get here?
To this damn bitch
It's all him
Gotta mix with this fake
It caused God Xu to target us
But it doesn't matter.
As long as Zhou Xiao is dead
We will dedicate Bai Qianzi to God General Xu
Maybe we can still survive
Don't even think about it.
I can't give in.
You can't log out at that time.
To this point
Haven't you realized the peerless world yet?
You're not trying to fake it and die side by side
Are you married to Bai Qianzi?
What a pity!
You're all going to die.
Daydreaming
Since you want to die
Then I will fulfill you